# Preface

Performance is about speed. but more than that, performance is also about achieving possible from impossible. In the last internet bubble, companies such as xx and yy tried to servce videos or internet file sharing. They failed partly due to lack of infrastructure to meet performance requirments for their business. Today, youtube, vine as well as other emergy technolgy startups are benefit from fast envoling of internet infrastructure which allow faster, richer and more sarfiscated services become possible.

Performance is also about balance and trade-off. In reality, speed is only one of several criterials of success internet services. An owner of an e-commerce site may want to let its customers feel streamline when buying goods in the site, so they can come again. Mean while, he or she also needs to find relavant goods to recommend in order to boost revernue, as well as keep a record of users' acvities in order to better understand their behaviour for future businesses. Those features will cut corner of performance in a way or another. A better performanced service would give business desision maker a deepper pocket to speed on most necessary features.

Finally, performance is also about cost. If a company has unlimited budget, achieving performance may be easiler. They are bunch of fancy but expensive toys to easily burn huge money and get up hands in performance, such as distributed in-memory storage grid, SSD or infinity band. However, one thing industry told us is that the winner comes from those who use captibal most efficient not who owns most. One reason of Google's success is because of its large distributed data processing platform, which turns out to become hadoop, the fundemental of today's big data industry. A good performance internet service can be translated into efficiency of utilize investment in development and hardwares.

Performance is crititcal for average users as well as business owners. Today the average internet accessing time for a US adult is xx hours. xx% of those hours are waiting for response. That means 10% improvement in loading performance can save xx hours every day in US alone, in another words xx % GDP boost estimatly.

Do more, run faster, cost less are the converged goals of technology, science and business. This book is based on my hands-on expereince in daily works as well as academic learning. The result of all those ideas are from years' work cross displine work in browser, data serving, neworking protocal and content delivery network, application development and serving, system architecture, as well as stories from users' aspects. This book is trying to provide a up-to-date and forward looking overview of academic knowledge, popular technologies and crafts about impoving performance of web application. It covers topics in front-end, back-end, network, data storage, and architecture. The challenge for me is how to provide wider topics and make them deep enough to expert readers. I believe the most efficient way of handle a technology is by working on it. Therefore, some of those principles in this book is implemented in two open sourced projects: SpinelJS and HippeJS. They are unser MIT license and fully workable. Actually, my startup reflen.com is use them as the front-end JS framwork and the back-end data serving framework.

My journery of pursuit performance start from my struggle to draw a moving circle on my i386 PC smoothly. As the interests become a hobbie and activily working, researching and tracking on the topic for years, I would like to share my thoughts, knowledge and practices with the community. Thanks for Gitbook to provide the publish platform and my family to support me. It's a life-long journey and on-going effort. Internet is a fast evolving area. It would be surprise to find some those ideas will be outdated (some of them actually already be so). I will try to update content of this book. Some of recently updates can be found in my personal blog which dedicated to performance: less than 200ms and the facebook page.




